Renaming Agent's methods (#3557)
Unity-Technologies/ml-agents: docs/Getting-Started-with-Balance-Ball.md

* **Behavior Parameters** — Every Agent must have a Behavior. The Behavior
  determines how an Agent makes decisions. More on Behavior Parameters in
  the next section.
* **Max Step** — Defines how many simulation steps can occur before the Agent's
  episode ends. In 3D Balance Ball, an Agent restarts after 5000 steps.

When you create an Agent, you must extend the base Agent class.
The Ball3DAgent subclass defines the following methods:

* `Agent.OnEpisodeBegin()` — Called when the Agent resets, including at the beginning
  of the simulation. The Ball3DAgent class uses the reset function to reset the
  agent cube and ball. The function randomizes the reset values so that the
  training generalizes to more than a specific starting position and agent cube
  attitude.
* `Agent.CollectObservations(VectorSensor sensor)` — Called every simulation step. Responsible for
  collecting the Agent's observations of the environment. Since the Behavior
  Parameters of the Agent are set with vector observation
  space with a state size of 8, the `CollectObservations(VectorSensor sensor)` must call
  `VectorSensor.AddObservation()` such that vector size adds up to 8.

> * `Agent.OnActionReceived()` — Called every time a new action is ready. Receives the action chosen

Reviewer: Could we say "Called every time the Agent receives an action to take" instead? Seems a bit clearer

Author: ```suggestion
* `Agent.OnActionReceived()` — Called every time the Agent receives an action to take. Receives the action chosen
```

  determines how an Agent makes decisions. More on Behavior Parameters in
  the next section.

> * **Max Step** — Defines how many simulation steps can occur before the Agent

Author: ```suggestion
* **Max Step** — Defines how many simulation steps can occur before the Agent's
```

  episode ends. In 3D Balance Ball, an Agent restarts after 5000 steps.

Perhaps the more interesting aspect of an agents is the Agent subclass
implementation. When you create an Agent, you must extend the base Agent class.

> The Ball3DAgent subclass defines the following methods:

Author: ```suggestion
When you create an Agent, you must extend the base Agent class.
The Ball3DAgent subclass defines the following methods:
```

> * `Agent.OnEpisodeBegin()` — Called when the Agent resets, including at the beginning

Reviewer 2: "... including at the beginning of simulation"?

  of a session. The Ball3DAgent class uses the reset function to reset the
  agent cube and ball. The function randomizes the reset values so that the
  training generalizes to more than a specific starting position and agent cube
  attitude.
* `Agent.CollectObservations(VectorSensor sensor)` — Called every simulation step. Responsible for
  collecting the Agent's observations of the environment. Since the Behavior
  Parameters of the Agent are set with vector observation
  space with a state size of 8, the `CollectObservations(VectorSensor sensor)` must call
  `VectorSensor.AddObservation()` such that vector size adds up to 8.

> * `Agent.OnActionReceived()` — Called every simulation step. Receives the action chosen

Reviewer 2: Not directly related to this PR, but "Called every simulation step" is not correct.

  by the Agent. The vector action spaces result in a

>   small change in the agent cube's rotation at each step. The `OnActionReceived()` function

Author: ```suggestion
  small change in the agent cube's rotation at each step. The `OnActionReceived()` method
```

  assigns a reward to the Agent; in this example, an Agent receives a small
  positive reward for each step it keeps the ball on the agent cube's head and a larger,

>   negative reward for dropping the ball. An Agent episode is also ended when it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  negative reward for dropping the ball. An Agent's episode is also ended when it
```

  drops the ball so that it will reset with a new ball for the next simulation
  step.

> * `Agent.Heuristic()` - When the `Use Heuristic` checkbox is checked in the Behavior

Author: ```suggestion
* `Agent.Heuristic()` - When the `Behavior Type` is set to `Heuristic Only` in the Behavior
```
